README.md, before:

# DB_Advanced_Teamwork
KhonsuBetManager

WorkPlan:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UyuyxH8NBWgrdTSEfoZDH7DbEv70JDdWkZG5gCFQIho/edit#gid=0

TODO:

User Create Functionality:<br/>
Make **User** **Register** function -> **DONE**<br/>
Make **User** **Login** function -> **DONE**<br/>
Make **User** **Logout** function -> **DONE**<br/>
Promote some **Users** to **Admins** manualy -> **DONE**<br/>
Make **User** function to **Change Password** -> **DONE**<br/>
Make **User** function to **Reset Password** -> send e-mail with random generated password (this will be added later if possible)<br/>

Admin Functionality:<br/>
Make function for **Admin** to **Promote** other **Users** to **Admins**<br/>
Make function for **Admin** to **Add Matches**<br/>
Make function for **Admin** to **Update Match Results**<br/>
Make function when **Match Score** is updated to **Resolve Bets**<br/>
Add initial money to operate with<br/>
Make some **Accounting** functionality for **Admin** -> print some data in xml or json<br/>

User Betting Functionality:<br/>
Make function for **User** to **Deposit Money** -> Update **Accounting** propperly<br/>
Make function for **User** to **Place Bets**<br/>
Make function for **User** to **Filter Matches**<br/>
Make function for **User** to view **Placed Bets** -> print some data in xml or json<br/>

General:<br/>
Add **HELP** Menu<br/>
**Add more functions**<br/>

Commit message:

Added Promote To Admin Function

README.md, after:

# DB_Advanced_Teamwork
KhonsuBetManager

WorkPlan:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UyuyxH8NBWgrdTSEfoZDH7DbEv70JDdWkZG5gCFQIho/edit#gid=0

TODO:

User Create Functionality:<br/>
Make **User** **Register** function -> **DONE**<br/>
Make **User** **Login** function -> **DONE**<br/>
Make **User** **Logout** function -> **DONE**<br/>
Promote some **Users** to **Admins** manualy -> **DONE**<br/>
Make **User** function to **Change Password** -> **DONE**<br/>
Make **User** function to **Reset Password** -> send e-mail with random generated password (this will be added later if possible)<br/>

Admin Functionality:<br/>
Make function for **Admin** to **Promote** other **Users** to **Admins**<br/>
Make function for **Admin** to **Demote** other **Users** to **Admins**<br/>
Make function for **Admin** to **Add Matches**<br/>
Make function for **Admin** to **Update Match Results**<br/>
Make function when **Match Score** is updated to **Resolve Bets**<br/>
Add initial money to operate with<br/>
Make some **Accounting** functionality for **Admin** -> print some data in xml or json<br/>

User Betting Functionality:<br/>
Make function for **User** to **Deposit Money** -> Update **Accounting** propperly<br/>
Make function for **User** to **Place Bets**<br/>
Make function for **User** to **Filter Matches**<br/>
Make function for **User** to view **Placed Bets** -> print some data in xml or json<br/>

General:<br/>
Add **HELP** Menu<br/>
**Add more functions**<br/>
